Validation: Added Unique Descriptions (#1447)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/winforms/controls/rendering-controls-with-visual-styles.md

  - "user controls [Windows Forms], painting"
  - "visual styles [Windows Forms], rendering Windows Forms controls"
ms.assetid: a5b178ba-610e-46c4-a6c0-509c0886a744

> description: Learn the several levels of support in the .NET Framework for rendering controls and other UI elements with the current visual style of the operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn the several levels of support in Windows Forms for rendering controls and other UI elements with the current visual style of the operating system.
```
